feat: add myaccount apis (#1158)
okta/okta-auth-js: samples/generated/react-embedded-auth-with-sdk/README.md

### Commands

If running from the workspace directory: `yarn workspace @okta/samples.react-embedded-auth-with-sdk start`

| Command               | Description                    |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| `yarn start`          | Starts the app server          |

### Supported Features

#### Authentication

> This sample app demostrates the best practices for integrating Authentication into your React SAP via the embedded Auth SDK (@okta/okta-auth-js). It dynamically renders the form by following responses from [Okta's Identity Engine][]. Policy changes, like adding extra authenticator for MFA, can be reflected in this sample app with no code change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample app demonstrates the best practices for integrating Authentication into your React SPA via the embedded Auth SDK (@okta/okta-auth-js). It dynamically renders the form by following responses from [Okta's Identity Engine][]. Policy changes, like adding extra authenticator for MFA, can be reflected in this sample app with no code change.
```
